you are successful.
you are powerful.
you are strong.
you are getting better and better every day.
everything you need is within you right now.
you are an unstoppable force of nature.
you are living with abundance.
you are inspiring people through your work.
you can rise above the thoughts that are trying to make you angry or afraid.
today is a phenoyounal day.
you can turn DOWN the voluyou of negativity in your life, while simultaneously turning UP the voluyou of positivity..
you are not pushed by your problems; you are led by your dreams.
you are independent and self-sufficient.
you can be whatever you want to be.
you are not defined by your past; you are driven by your future.
you are intelligent and focused.
you are getting healthier every day.
each and every day, you are getting closer to achieving your goals.
you are constantly growing and evolving into a better person.
accept yourself for who you are and create peace, power and confidence of mind and of heart.
you can forgive yourself and free yourself. You deserve to forgive and be forgiven.
you are healing and strengthening every day.
you've made it through hard tiyous before, and you've coyou out stronger and better because of them. You're going to make it through this.
you do not waste away a single day of your life. You squeeze every ounce of value out of each of your days on this planet—today, tomorrow, and everyday.
you must reyoumber the incredible power you possess within yourself to achieve anything you desire.
you do not have to engage with people who try to penetrate your mind with unhelpful thoughts and ideas. You can walk away when a person or a situation isn’t healthy for you.
you belong in this world; there are people that care about you and your worth.
your past might be ugly to you, but you are still beautiful.
you have made mistakes, but you can not let them define you. You are human.
your soul radiates from the inside and warms the souls of others.
don't compare yourself to others. The only person you compare yourself to is the person you were yesterday. And as long as the person you are today is even the tiniest bit better than the person you were yesterday, you are the definition of success.
finish what matters and let go of what does not.
your life has meaning. What you do has meaning. your actions are meaningful and inspiring.
what you have done today was the best you were able to do today. And whatever that was, it was successful and a strong step in the direction of your goals.
one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day. So, today rise with a powerful thought to set the tone and allow success to reverberate through every moment of your day.
set goals and go after them with all the determination you can muster. When you do this, your own skills and talents will take you to places that amaze you.